PROFILE SUMMARY
 Software engineer with a well-established history of involvement in product engineering teams.
 Skilled in leadership, and skilled at fostering collaboration among globally distributed functional teams.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology (B Tech) Rajasthan Technical University 2015
Major in Computer Science Engineering
INTERNSHIP
 Software Engineer Intern Sun quest Information Systems 2015|Udaipur,India
 May 2016–Aug 2016|Bengaluru
 Worked on Development of Data Masking component, which masked Patient&#39;s Data suffering from Critical Disease.
EXPERIENCE
Senior Software Engineer Insticator
May2024–Present|Remote,India
Roles &amp; Responsibilities
 Part of the Product Development Team, contributing to the development of SSP Exchange, played a key role in building the
Real Time Bidding Application(SSP Exchange)from the ground up.
 Designed and implemented a request sampling system to log every incoming bid request.
 Developed and maintained scalable and efficient server-side applications using Nest JS, following best practices and design
patterns.
 Built REST ful APIs end points using Nest JS, ensuring secure and performant data exchange between client and server.
 Integrated third-party APIs and collaborated with external partners to expand product capabilities and functionalities
Integrated new bidder adapters from various Supply-Side Partners/DSPs.
 Build Back end System using Nest Js for Operations Team utilizing Sequelize ORM Improved product capability to reach
50k requests/sec
 Integrated AI to enhance Ad scanning Capabilities
 Implemented automation/data transformation scripts for analytics processing Resolved P0-level issues efficiently
Technologies &amp; Tools: Node Js, Golang, Type Script, React Js, Postgres SQL, Athena, Kafka, Redis Cloud Platform: Amazon
Web Services Development and Deployment: Circle Ci, Docker &amp; Kubernates Monitoring and Logging: Prometheus, Grafana,
ELK Stack
Senior Software Development Engineer News Corp India
April 2019–May2024|Bengaluru/Remote
Roles &amp; Responsibilities
 Key member in Engineering Team, plays pivotal role in distributing data across News Corp Businesses.
 Lead development and enhancement of key components with in the Node Js Tracker, encompassing user identification, data
ingestion into CDP, and data governance.
 Developed Scalable NestJs Application using Puppeteer to extract data from publisher&#39;s sites
 Lead Development and integration of Web and Mobile Analytics Tracker across News Corp Businesses.
 Ensured unwavering stability and reliability of real-time data flow into the Data Pipeline, resulting in an impressive 70%
increase in data context coverage for News Corp BU&#39;s.
 DevelopedanddesignedCNAMEcloakingservice,forcrossdomainuseridentification.
 Engaged in Development of robust REST ful APIs for the Data Platform using Python Fast API and Go lang Gin.
Technologies &amp; Tools: Node Js, Python, Golang, AWS Lambda, Cloud Function, Big Query, Puppeteer, Pub/Sub, GIT, Express
JS, Server less
Platform: Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services
Software Engineer Travel Spends
September 2018–March 2019|Bengaluru
Roles &amp; Responsibilities
 Worked on orchestrating the seamless backend transition from PHP to Node.js, ensuring enhanced performance and
scalability.

 Played a important role in building interactive Dashboards and visually appealing Charts that increased product UX
 Successfully implemented task scheduling using Airflow, optimising data extraction processes for increased efficiency.
Technologies: Node Js, Python ,Post gres SQL, Lambda Function, Server less, Airflow
Platform: Amazon Web Services
Software Engineer Gida Technologies
Worked on development of a Enterprise Application for a major client in Telecomm Services
June 2018–August 2018|Bengaluru
Roles &amp; Responsibilities:
Managed the development of an front-end module, improving the user interface, and using Vanilla JavaScript to ensure smooth
performance.
Technologies : Node Js, React Js, Vanilla Js, GIT, Post gres SQL
Software Engineer D square Solutions
November2016–June2018|Bengaluru
 Instrumental in development and crafting an Data Analytics BI Tool, integrated ETL/ELT capabilities with robust reporting
functionalities
 Key contributor to the design and development of data visualizations and charts that improve the product&#39;s performance and
impact
 Coordinated the seamless and efficient transfer of data from a variety of data bases, guaranteeing seamless integration and
access to essential information
 Developed Loyalty Platform focusing on loyalty solutions and insights of customer&#39;s engagement
Technologies &amp; Tools:NodeJs,Java,ReactJs,MySQL,D3Js,Play Frame work(Java)
Platform: SVN(Apache Sub version),