Profile Summary
Overall 7.9+years of IT Experience across in Cloud Strategy, Cloud Solutions, Microsoft Azure, Azure Migrate, Azure Site
Recovery &amp; Azure Dev Ops with IAAS, PAAS and Manual Testing.
Technical Skills
 Cloud Platform: Microsoft Azure
 Cloud Migration: Azure Migrate, ASR Azure Site Recovery, Cloudscape, Movere
 Cloud Solution: Cloud Discovery, Strategy planning, Workshops, Questionnaires
 Automation &amp; DevOps: GitLab, Ansible, Jenkins, Terraform, Azure Repos, VSTS(Azure DevOps)
 Scripting: Power Shell
 DataAnalytics&amp;Reporting: PowerBI, MicrosoftExcel, Powerpoint
Education:
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Osmania University, Hyderabad – 2017
Professional Experience:
Company Name: Matilda Cloud Private Limited (Hyderabad)
Role: Cloud Engineer
Duration: February 2025- June2025
Responsibilities:
 Executed lift-and-shift migration of on-prem virtual servers using the Azure Migrate feature for seamless cutover.
 Migrated a low-use compliance server (Windows 2008 R2 STD) to Azure with Azure Migrate, ensuring audit access and
reducing on-prem maintenance.
 Created reusable Terraform plugins to simplify Infrastructure as Code (IaC) and enable fast, customizable cloud
deployments using flexible inputs.

Company Name: Capgemini Technology Services India Limited (Hyderabad)
Role: Cloud Consultant
Duration: March 2022 -February 2025
Responsibilities:
 Experienced in VM migration, including Application Intake, Assessment, and Planning, helping clients choose the right
servers and apps for 6R migration across platforms like Azure, AWS, GCP, and others to ensure a smooth and efficient cloud
transition.
 Directed workshops and collaborated with Enterprise Architects and Application Owners.
 Extensive experience in defining Migration Strategy with 6Rs (Rehost, Re-Platform, Refactor, Rearchitect, Retain, Retire).
 Used Cloudscape and Movere to conduct in-depth analysis of server-level information for cloud evaluations.
 Created roadmaps and business cases, Cloud guiding principles, Migration Complexity assessments, identified TCO models,
As-Is &amp; To-Be architectures, and sustainability objectives.
 Skilled in using Power BI, Microsoft Excel, and PowerPoint for in-depth data analysis, insightful visualizations, and
comprehensive reporting.
Company Name: VHS Consulting India Pvt. Ltd (Hyderabad)
Role: DevOps Engineer
Duration: August 2021 - March 2022
Responsibilities:
 Implemented CI/CD automation using GitLab, managing pipelines with YAML and Ansible scripts to ensure smooth
deployment processes.
 Experienced in source revisioning, conducting code reviews, and promoting collaborative development within GitLab;
utilized Postman for API testing and code modifications.
 Good knowledge in handling Ubuntu and MongoDB.
 Created virtual machine setups in the client’s cloud environment to meet specific business requirements and specifications.
 Acted as a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for monitoring service performance using Zabbix, ensuring optimal system health

and reliability.
Company Name: Cognizant Technology and Solutions India Pvt. Ltd (Hyderabad)
Role: Azure Administrator
Duration: September2017-August2021
Responsibilities:
 Experienced in creating and managing Azure resources using the Azure Portal and PowerShell scripts.
 Proficient in Azure Networking and Storage Accounts, with hands-on experience in VM provisioning, NSG, Application
Gateway, Application Insights, Azure Policies, VNet, Subnet, AZCopy, Azure Roles, File Storage, and ARM templates.
 Configured PaaS services like App Service, Web Apps, and App Service Plan.
 Configured and administered Azure Active Directory for secure user management and access control.
 Created and maintained Build and Release pipelines for .NET applications in a TFVC repository using Azure DevOps.
 Proficient in setting up and managing CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, optimizing the software development lifecycle.

Certificates
 AZ-104 – Microsoft Azure Administrator
 Global – Agile Fundamentals (Internal Certificate)

Accomplishments
 Received client appreciation for independently managing a project—excelled in data management, issue resolution,
information transfer, and mastering visualization tools with great attention to detail.
 Identified critical P0 bugs in the conversation engine tool and brought them to the client’s attention, leading to prompt
fixes by the development team and resulting in client recognition.